Debug (#15)
logzio/docker-collector-metrics: README.md

| LOGZIO_TYPE (Default: `docker-collector-metrics`) | This field is needed only if you're shipping metrics to Kibana and you want to override the default value. <br> In Kibana, this is shown in the `type` field. Logz.io applies parsing based on `type`. |
| LOGZIO_LOG_LEVEL (Default: `"INFO"`) | The log level the module startup scripts will generate. |
| LOGZIO_EXTRA_DIMENSIONS | Semicolon-separated list of dimensions to be included with your metrics (formatted as `dimensionName1=value1;dimensionName2=value2`). <br> To use an environment variable as a value, format as `dimensionName=$ENV_VAR_NAME`. Environment variables must be the only value in the field. If an environment variable can't be resolved, the field is omitted. |

> | DEBUG (Default: `false`) | Set to `true` if you want metricbeat to run in debug mode.<br/> **Note:** This option will generate quite a lot of debugging output, so you should use it if an error occurs while running the docker-collector in production.  |
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DEBUG (Default: `false`) | Set to `true` if you want Metricbeat to run in debug mode.<br/> **Note:** Debug mode tends to generate a lot of debugging output, so you should probably enable it temporarily only when an error occurs while running the docker-collector in production.  |

```
